Welcome everyone. So this is the latest
episode of the Vernon Richard Show. In
this episode, um, inspired by some
craziness that happened in production to
somebody doing some vibe coding with
Replet. This sounds like I'm taking
shots at Replet. I'm not taking shots at
Replet. Um, but that adventure that this
person went on, we started to talk about
some adventures that Rich has had um
about his uh his PC and whatever weird
stuff it was doing in production. And we
started talking around um how to use
these tools. What what how has his
understanding of agents and agentic
technology? How was it evolved? How was
he using it? What was he doing? He's
come up with some little um some
learnings. He's come up with those. Um
he still knows absolutely [__] all about
Star Trek, which is a disgrace.
I'm working on him, people. I'm working
on him. Uh, but it's a good episode,
man. It's uh it's it's it's a lot of
Richard um talking. Please stay. It's
good talking.
Um
and me trying to keep up with what he's
doing. So yeah, enjoy that and uh let us
know what you think the end of the show.
Greetings and welcome to Greetings and
welcome to the latest episode of the
Vernon Richard Show.
Uh, we're back with another episode. How
you doing, Rich? How are you? How How
are you? How is life? Are you well?
>> I'm all right. Yeah, we're been trying
to do more work on the garden when the
weather's been allowing me. Um, no one's
really I don't I've not really shared
too many updates, but if you follow me
on Instagram, you'll know that I've been
tackling a tree stump and I finally got
that tree stump out of the ground.
>> Um, which was made me incredibly happy.
>> Apart from that, Yeah. Yeah,
>> exactly. Exactly. I was so so happy. Um
and my neighbor came up trumps with um I
was going to buy like a what's it
called? A hand pulley to basically kind
get some leverage. And I asked him if he
had one and he had this really old
metal, you know, like like like a tool
that will never break, you know, like
how they used to be built. And he handed
it to me and he was like, I've got this
version. And I was like, the one I saw
was like a nice little plastic metal
thing. and he gave me this like cast
iron beast and it did it was amazing.
>> It worked flawlessly. So,
>> see, I'm I'm I'm a nerd. Okay, so two
things sprung to mind just then. One, I
wouldn't be tackling any kind of task
that would require me to ask for a
pulley, right? I don't even know why I
would need a pulley, let much, you know,
much less ask for one. And then the
second thing is I don't think I've ever
lived anywhere where if I asked my
neighbor for a pulley, they would say
yes, you can use mine.
>> Well, for context here,
>> for context, my neighbor um is um he's a
metal worker, so he basically he works
from his garage, so his garage is always
open and he's basically welding and
building stuff and whatever. So I've
>> up.
>> Yeah. So, I've always been curious and a
few times I've asked him for things. So,
in the garden I'm going to need some
steel RSJs. And I think that was the
first time I really spoke to him. I was
like, "Hey, can you can you make these?"
>> And he was like,
>> I could, but it would cost too much. Um,
so
>> I know what you mean. It's it's a
nightmare when you need to steal RSJ.
What are you What are you talking about?
What are you talking about, Richard? I
am a nerd. I did not use my
>> Well, let me let me tell you what Let me
tell you what happened with the stump
then cuz no one's going to care and we
can we can let people skip in the uh
they can skip to the testing bit, right?
So,
>> everything will be chaptered up so you
can just get past it.
>> So, to get to get a stump out of the
ground, right? And this was a big stump.
You have to basically dig around the
stump and cut any roots that you come
across and then keep digging. And then
once you've got all around it, you then
have to dig like basically under it and
start chipping away because obviously
the soil's so compressed as the roots
have grown around it.
>> But then you get to the point where
you've dug around it, but you can't move
it cuz it's so heavy
>> and like difficult to get leverage. So,
>> basically, you either get a massive long
steel metal bar that you kind of wedge
under it and kind of pry it
>> or the internet was suggesting to me
that you get a pulley and some straps,
tie the pulley to a nearby tree, and
then basically one of those like ratchet
kind of pulleys,
>> one of them, and then basically pull the
tree towards you or the stump. So as it
pulls towards you, anything any of the
roots that you can't get to start to
snap or start to reveal themselves and
then you chop it away and then you keep
doing that. So
>> that's what I did and it worked.
>> Where are the straps?
>> They just just go around the stump.
>> They go around it this way.
>> They go around the stump and then it
goes off towards the pulley. And then
the other end of the pulley, you strap
it to an anchor or a tree or fence post,
whatever.
>> And then you start tightening. So, two
one of two things is going to happen,
right?
>> The thing you tie the thing you tie it
tore
>> is is going to fall on your head
>> or the stump's going to come out the
ground.
>> Yeah.
>> And in my case, the stump came out of
the ground cuz I've done so much digging
around it. Um but yeah, that's now
amazing because
um the fence got knocked down by the
tree that was there and then the the guy
who lived there before me decided to
donate the tree to the neighbor by
building the fence in front of the tree
now and basically giving away a couple
of meters of my garden. So I've when I
learned that I thought you know what I'm
going to get that tree out get a nice
straight fence instead and obviously
reclaim that couple of meters of my
garden. Is that going to cause any
issues with the neighbor who thinks
they've got free?
>> No, the neighbor asked me to do it. Oh,
neighbor said and gave me permission to
do it. She's like, "It's great." Cuz to
her, that corner was never hers. And
also in the corner that she got given is
just a massive tree stump. So there's
nothing she can do with it,
>> right? Okay. So you've taken a tree
stump out. You've reclaimed your ground,
your land.
>> Well, not quite yet. Back in yet.
>> Yeah, she's happy cuz she'll get a fence
back. Apart from she's got the tree
stump because
if I put it into my garden, I've already
built where my patio goes and I couldn't
get the tree stump out because I can't
lift it. It's too heavy. So, I went back
around there. I said, "Can I roll it
into your garden and I promise you I
will come and chop it up at some point
once it's rotted a bit." And she was
like, "Yeah, sure. Happy days." So,
anyway, that's what I've been doing.
Long answer.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, that tree stump is
now hers. She doesn't know it yet.
She's quite nice. So, I think I'll I'll
definitely deal with it. Um, but yeah,
so that's what I've been up to, mate. A
very long answer there, but one thing I
will say about, you know, in the
transition into testing, as you know, I
love my DIY, but like I definitely need
to do it. We need to do an episode about
tools. The amount of tools
>> I was just thinking
>> I've had to learn and use and buy.
>> Yeah, we do. We need to do it. I was
thinking the same thing when you telling
that story.
>> I've got I've got eight spades, mate.
I've got eight spades. Who needs eight
spades?
>> You clearly.
>> Yeah. Anyway,
>> okay. Welcome back to the Vern and
Richard Show, everyone. Uh I am well.
We're now going to get into the actual
show. I'm all right. I'm good, man. I'm
I'm I'm um
>> uh we're hiring and it feels like we've
we we're getting closer. So, that's
that's amazing. filled
>> those poor people
>> being start in September.
Bloody hell, that's an outrageous com.
You see friendly friendly my ass is
back. So yeah, we got we filled one
position. They're starting in September.
As things happen in companies, you know,
some there was a a need arose seemingly
out of nowhere just quite quickly.
Managed to fill that get jiggle the
teams around to create some space for
someone to go into that team. That's
brilliant. And then there's another open
position.
Um was uh my my former teammate now. He
who's had his last day on Monday. Sad
times. He's awesome. Shout out to you,
Shay. He has left. He's off to pass just
new.
>> Uh but we are looking for a placement
and we uh we've got some promising h
we're looking for a placement lead and
we've got some promising leads.
So, you're not you're not planning on
replacing your people with agents, AI
agents. You're sticking with humans for
a while
>> with that smooth segue. No, I will not
be replacing them with agents, Richard.
But, uh, what's our topic this week?
>> We wanted to talk about agents, right?
So, I've been I did a blog blog post. I
don't do blog posts anymore. I did a
LinkedIn post um about my some of my
successes in the last few weeks because
I've been building a PC at work um using
agents uh well not using agents sorry
the PC uses AI but I've been using
agents to help me build it and it's been
going pretty well I would say but then
you shared an LinkedIn story um I think
it was was it replet the tool in
question yes I is it is it replet or
replet or replete or I don't know.
>> Um, I would go replet as in repository
and
>> licked. I don't know though.
>> But,
>> um, but yeah, and that someone deleted
it deleted someone's production DB,
which is crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Kelly Kenny Vaughn, I found this
uh um post where she was sharing this
story of a dude called what's his name?
Oh, where did he he he he worked
somewhere cool. Hold on. I need to get
the uh Yeah, but he in his in his
profile he says he used to work at such
and such and that caught my attention.
Where is it? Oh, Jason Dobby sign. No,
that's not it. Anyway, anyway, whoever
this guy is, he was coding, doing some
vibe coding. Um, I'll put all these
links into the show notes. And he was uh
vibe coding. He's sharing his his daily
progress and his daily updates.
Um, and essentially what happened is
the
what what do you call it? The the
assistant, the coding, the AI coding
assistant decided to do its own thing,
delete his database, pretend he that it
hadn't deleted it at some point. It was
just very weird. And the and the main
issue and well, not not the main issue,
this database was in production. So,
it's deleted his production database of
this this thing that he's building. He's
vibe coding. Kind of made out like it
it wasn't going to do it in that really
irritating AI way when you say, "Hey,
you just did something I didn't want you
to do." He goes, "I'm so sorry.
>> I'm sorry, man. You're right. You're
right to call me out on it, man. I'm a
bad guy. I won't do it again." Only to
proceed to immediately do the same thing
again right after it said it's not going
to do it again. Um, it's a bit
psychopathic when it does that. I don't
Is that the right word? Narcissistic.
What is it?
>> Narcopathic.
>> Yeah.
>> Bit too bit too keen to please, isn't
it?
>> Yeah. But then also lie in your face.
>> Find that mad. So yeah, I kind of wanted
to talk about that a bit really. And
then and and also and also when you were
talking about your your PC that you're
building um it's it's something that I
that I want to start encouraging my team
to do experimenting a bit more with with
um AI seeing how and where it might um
benefit them because our CEO is
extremely keen on us using
uh AI tools in our day-to-day work. He's
uh you know constantly encouraging us
and some would say badgering. If you
listen to this gel, please don't fire me
by saying that you badge everybody. Um
no, but he wants but we but everyone is
being encouraged to find ways to use
this this technology in their day-to-day
work. Literally doesn't matter like this
is not just an engineering
>> um kind of mission. It's like everybody
find ways to use this thing. So, I'm
sure people in my team are using it, but
I wanted to get some ideas from you,
maybe some ideas from the audience of
things that that we could do from a
testing perspective with the with the
technology. We've got access to a few
things. Got access to things like chat
GPT and coding assistance and things of
this nature. So, yeah, maybe there's
some other tools that we should be
investigating as well. So, where should
we go? Where should we go?
>> Well, we can go down two routes here. we
can discuss ways that you think you can
use it. Or the other thing is I've been
using it for coding recently and I've
came up with like kind of six tips that
I shared on LinkedIn the other day
around how to basically not have them
destroy your code and make the whole
experience awful. Um so you can either
go there or we can start with ways that
we think you can use it.
>> Let's do the ways we can think you can
use it second.
>> Okay. So the way I've been using it,
which again I think this can apply to
what you're asking too, right? So um as
I think I've said, I've mentioned this
plenty of times before. I work at a
consultant consultancy, right? And
sometimes you end up with downtime in
between projects
and we have an awesome way of doing
things in when you're on when we're in
between projects and there's like proper
tasks that you can pick up that you know
people in the business actually want.
So, I'm not going to share what mine is,
but it's a um it was a bid of uh it was
some work that we bid for um but turned
out that that we were never going to get
it for procurement and other, you know,
preferred supplier reasons that I don't
get involved in, right? But the business
person who was involved was like, I
really want to know if this is actually
possible. So he submitted it to our our
bench backlog and it was my first day on
the bench and I thought yeah I can do
that and I know how to build websites. I
know how to code. I know how to do front
end. I know how to do AI and also we
recently got access to GitHub copilot.
So I thought you know what I know
exactly how to build what you've said.
Uh sorry I know exactly how I would
build what you've said.
>> How to build it. I am not 100% sure, but
I know at least 70% of how I would do
it. So, I thought I'll be brave. I'll
take that. And also, back to last week's
episode, you know, there's an
encouragement to wear different hats at
work. So, I thought I'll go stick my
software engineering hat on and, you
know, let let's give it a shot.
>> So, yeah, I started it. I I decided to
use Nex.js, JS, which is the framework
um that kind of makes React a bit easier
and backend um kind of server side React
stuff in Node.js. And I I've used it to
build a test app for some training
courses. So I thought, you know what,
I'm going to give that a go. And it's
new and it's got really good docs and AI
knows most about it. So I thought that,
you know, I say most, sorry, AI knows a
lot about NodeJ uh Nex.js.
>> Okay.
>> Uh and yeah, it was all going really
well. I got this app up and running
probably in um I don't know probably
like three four days at most I would say
and that sounds like a lot but you know
that's know probably 3 four hours a day
maybe of like you know back and forth
and there was a lot of designing that
needed to be doing and um to be clear as
well here like talking about how we
could use it I didn't use AI to go how
would you build this I'd already decided
how I was going to build it and what
tools I wanted to use. So I already
decided my DB was going to look a
certain way and I decided that I was
going to use um a tool called Prisma as
my um OM layer and I'd already decided I
was using Nex.js. Um I'd already decided
I wanted to use serverside APIs. So I'd
made all these decisions. So I didn't
start by going my business has asked me
to build a build me a
>> Yeah. I went I started really small by
saying I need a database and I need the
I need a table that has this object. The
object should have these six seven
fields. Um build me a Prisma schema to
do that.
>> So I was very specific and quite clear.
Uh and yeah I got it got really got
going really well. Um but yeah I decided
the other day after doing this for three
or four days in a row I was starting to
see some patterns. And it's really funny
when you messaged me about that dropping
of the database because um I'll get to
it, but it's something similar happened
to me. So yeah, when you hit that I was
like, you know what, that's that's
terrible, but I can understand how that
happened.
>> So yeah.
>> So how so so talk us through it then. So
what what was your how did you what what
were you doing
each day with this coding assistant with
the agents? Why were you using agents?
>> Yeah. So,
>> and then when when did you run into the
similar problem of
>> So, I decided to use agents. So, if
you've not used copilot recently or
GitHub copilot, there's like three modes
now. You've got ask, which is basically
just asking a question,
>> but obviously it's got context of your
codebase, right? So, it it it's it's
aware if you add a few code files, it's
aware of your code. So, when you ask a
question, it's a bit specific. Is that
similar to the the UIs that we're used
to with things like Claude and chat GPT?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, you end up with a little
chat on the right hand side. Um there's
a there's a message field and then
there's a bit above that where you can
add context. So, you can choose a couple
of files. Um or if you're actually in a
file, you can do command shift I and it
will um take the line of code that
you're on
>> and use that as its reference point. And
then obviously because it's inside VS
Code, it can then open those files and
read those files and use them as part of
its prompt.
>> So that's not there all. So it's not
like you're in the IDE and you can just
summon this this thing, ask it a
question.
>> It's like yeah, it's no different than
any you know the the GitHub extensions,
the play the test explorer. It's just
another tool with inside VS Code.
>> Okay. Uh, and then then it's got um an
edit mode which is um you know again
people lots of people probably done
this. If you get a response from chat
GPT and you're like I like that code you
can just it will just edit it straight
away for you instead of you having to
copy and paste it and you know do that
but there's nothing fancy about it doing
it. It will literally just edit the code
straight away. Uh, and now it's got this
agent mode where you can basically give
it more of a task and it will go off and
search the codebase, find answers, try
things, test things, and do stuff. And
that's where I ran into the issue with
the DB. So, one of the options with
using GitHub agents now is it can run
command line um, scripts for you.
>> Now, there's two options you can do
here. One is you can just let it run
whatever the hell it wants. The other
option is it will tell you that it wants
to run this command and you have to
click run.
>> Um, so what I was doing, I can't even
remember what the exact issue was, but
it was something to do with Prisma, uh,
the database kind of middle layer, and I
don't know what it was. I think there
was some, I think it was linting issue,
and it was telling me that my types
didn't exist. Um, so anyway, I was like,
okay, fine. Can you fix this linting
issue? And it came back and it went, you
know, I think I need to regenerate
Prisma. And I was like, okay, go off, do
that. And it said, do you want to run DB
generate Prisma? And I know what that
does. All that does is generates the
client. It just generates the client
files for you. I was like, yeah, sure,
do that.
>> And it was like, oh, I want to do a DB
push. And I was like, that just means
push your schema to the DB.
>> So, you know, and I knew there was
nothing in it. So, I was like, yeah, of
course, do that. Anyway, it did that.
and it can read the output from the
terminal
>> and it basically said it doesn't look
like it worked and I'm looking at it
going no it worked
>> and it's like I don't think it worked I
need to try and run this and it wanted
to run I think um something to do with
TypeScript something emitting TypeScript
types I didn't know what it did so I was
like yeah sure do that and that that
that basically spat out absolutely
nothing and this is when I realized that
I was getting into a mode of going I
actually don't know what you're doing I
don't know why you're trying to do it
But I'm just going to let you do it
because
>> this is what I wanted to ask.
>> It sounds like it sounds like you're on
a mission. So I'm just going to let you
and nothing bad can happen. I was like
nothing bad can happen. Just do what you
want.
>> Last words before Sky takes over. No
kidding.
>> So it was in this loop of trying to work
out something to do with type. So
anyway, it ran what it wanted and it was
still wasn't happy.
>> Uh and then it back went back to doing
the same thing again. I was like, I
think you're stuck in a loop. So I
basically interrupted her and said, "I
think you're stuck in a leak. You should
you should try somewhere else." And not
knowing what to try. Just my brain would
have gone, "A's not working. Try
somewhere else." Or just told it,
>> "This ain't going to work. Do somewhere
else." I couldn't tell it why. I didn't
know why. I just I didn't even know what
it was doing. I try somewhere else. So
it did. It tried something else. And in
this time, it knocked up a simple
TypeScript file that printed out all the
types into the console. And I thought
well, that's pretty that's pretty cool.
And then he went, "Oh, it does appear my
type is always there." And I was like,
"Oh, great, cool." And he goes, "But I
don't see it in the DB." And I was like,
"All right, well, why don't you check
the DB?" And it goes, "Okay, I'm going
to open um Prisma Studio, which is
basically like if you remember, if
you've ever used like SQL Explorer or
anything like that,
>> just makes you spins your database up in
a nice table." So, it did that in the
browser and it went, "I still can't see
my types." And I was like, "All right, I
don't even know what types you're
looking for anymore, to be honest." And
anyway, it then spun up the next command
which said, I remember I did read this,
so I'm not as bad as what happened
there, but I I didn't really clock on
how like bad it could have been. It was
like, I'm going to reset the DB. And I
was like, yeah, sure, run. And I was
like, and it was too late. I'd already
clicked it. I was like,
>> I was like, interesting. And then
basically it reset the DB and pushed the
schema again. And then it just said,
yeah, that's fine now. And I was like,
it was already fine. You've just deleted
my data for no reason and now suddenly
you think you're happy. It was such a
weird loop. Um, but in essence, like
>> I let it just go away and do what it
wanted. And also, if I didn't have the
run permission, so in this instance,
it's my fault. I clicked run
>> and also there was no data in my DB,
which is why I think I also clicked it.
There was nothing in there. It was all
it's a dev instance. But if I didn't
have that approval of running the
commands and you just let it run stuff,
you are now letting it do whatever it
wants. And there was an interesting
reply that I saw on your post that you
shared
>> which was talking about security in user
accounts.
>> So whenever I've used VS Code and GitHub
spec specifically, it's always acting as
me because it's got my environment keys.
It's got everything in my machine. It's
behaving as me. It's running things in
my terminal. And that made me think that
do I need to give Copilot its own user
accounts that don't have permission to
wipe a DB?
>> Do I need, you know, should I not have
permissions to wipe the DB? You know
what I mean? None of these things I've
ever thought about because I've never
thought an agent would go off and do
something so bizarre,
but it did. And like, yeah. So again,
not not I'm not as bad as what happened
to that Jason guy, but I can understand
now how it got itself in such a weird
loop and it couldn't get its way out and
it was just trying all sorts of weird
magic and weird stuff. Um, so yeah, it
was it was bizarre.
>> Interesting points that things that you
said there is that there was a point at
which you weren't even sure what it was
doing.
>> Yeah.
>> And so you just like, yeah, all good.
Yeah, go for it kind of thing. It's it's
it's almost like so what I mean is it
sounds like a high level you like I
understand what you just said and it
doesn't sound crazy but in terms of the
detail it's it felt you gave me an
impression that you didn't actually know
what the bloody hell it was doing.
>> Let me let yeah let me be let me add a
nuance. I knew I knew what it was
problem it was trying to solve but I
didn't know where it was at in its own
thinking of how it was trying to solve
it. So, like I knew what it was trying
to get. I knew it wanted a list of the
types,
>> but I didn't know how to do that myself
and it I was just expecting it would
work it out. So, I knew what its mission
was,
>> but I didn't have a clue what it was
doing. I didn't have a clue why it I
didn't know one of the things in that
example is I didn't know why it thought
it wasn't working because it never told
me. The answer it just said was I didn't
get what I was expected. I'm going to
try this. And I never bothered to ask it
what you're trying to find, what you're
after, what why do you think it didn't
work?
>> Yeah.
>> Because I didn't really know what its
purpose was or why it even cared. Like
cuz again, I just generally gone here's
a linting error. Fix my linting error.
Right.
>> The thing that I am so interested in
about these tools because I really
really want to, you know, if I was in
that situation, I would want to have a
conversation with it. that even makes
sense. So I said why what why do you
think it's not worked?
>> So that would be the difference between
the agents and the and the the ask bit
though. So I specifically had gone into
agent mode and in agent mode it will
keep going until it's done your task.
That's
>> but what I mean but what but what I mean
is right that because of the way you had
agent mode set up. So, this might be a
silly question, right? Because of the
way you've got agent mode set up, can
you not in that mode say, "Why do you
want to do that?"
>> You can, but you'd have to stop it and
it will it will it will stop where it's
up to. So,
>> yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I'll be fine with that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, you can stop it.
>> It's saying, "Hey, I want to do this
now. Are you okay?" It's got that It's
got that are you sure mechanism built in
is how it sounded to my head. I only had
the are you sure mechanism because it
wanted to run a command line and I had
to let it. So if
>> I know I know but I'm saying can you can
you not when it's in a agent mode
interject and just say oh can you just
explain what's going on right now
>> or does it is there no way to stop it?
>> You have to you have to basically stop
where it's up to and then ask it
questions. So it will be printing stuff
as it's doing stuff. it will be telling
you what's happening.
>> But there's no like you can't type, you
can't talk to it as it's doing it. You
have to tell it to stop what it's doing.
>> Then you can type it.
>> It has stopped cuz it's it's saying,
"Oh, I need to run this command line."
>> Yeah. So, at that point, you can Yeah.
At that point,
>> ask permission. And at that point where
you're thinking to yourself, "Oh,
>> this looks like it has worked. Why do
you think it hasn't worked?" I would
want to know why it thinks it thought it
hadn't worked.
>> Yeah, you could do that. You could do
that, could you? Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Only because of the fact that I had it
set up to approve
>> ter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Bloody hell.
>> But no, so like I could have also I
think here again I can't remember the
exact context and I think linting wise
it was a it wasn't even a big linting
error. I think I even knew what the
linting problem was and I could have
just done it myself. So I just assumed
it would be dead easy and it would solve
it quite quickly. Uh, and another thing
with the agents which um kind of ties
into this is I've developed this habit
of kicking off at a task before I like
go and make a drink, go and get a drink
or go to the toilet because it's like it
feels like you're working when you're
not like there's something about it like
so like I know if like if it's a decent
task and like I say decent task I mean
like we'll talk about breaking down
tasks but I like I like going can you do
this and then I say go and I'm going to
go make a cup of tea and then you come
back and it's done it and you're like,
"Oh, look how much work I did while I
was making a cup of tea."
>> I'm so efficient. Yeah.
>> Um, and I think in this instance, one of
those things was that and then when I'd
come back, I saw the run command and I
was kind of like, you know, just run
without really um going back over what
it had done. Um, but that is one of the
things we'll go through some of the
things later that I've learned that the
smaller the task like the better. But in
this instance also um
like I like we were talking about Jason
Arbor before we joined this call right I
am not Jason Arbor level in terms of
like my love for AI agents but I'm also
not like I can't think of a skeptic um
>> Michael
>> so I'm not in that camp either right I'm
>> I'm probably closer to Jason than I am
to the other people Um,
>> but I also
>> it is baked in a lot of recent
experience like and the other side of it
is and I think we mentioned this in a
few episodes back because of my
automation and testing mindset and
experience of tools in general. I know.
I say I know. I'm more comfortable
letting these tools do a few things
because I've thought about how to defend
against it or how to back it up or
stopping it going wrong. Um whereas I
don't think anyone knew to this like and
also like another thing with that DB
one, right? When it when it pushed the
command and said it wanted to do it, I
knew what it meant. So I wasn't blindly
accepting it. It was it was more
Yeah. It was more like, yeah, it's not a
big deal, you know, go. I didn't stop
and think
>> like I didn't stop and go,
>> that's a very weird thing to try. Like I
just said, I know what the command does.
You're doing something. Off you go. I
didn't stop and go, that's a weird thing
to do. You don't know if this is my prod
DB. You just know it's my DB. You don't
know what's in the DB. like it's just
such it was a very weird thing for it to
want to try. Uh and that's the bit that
I didn't slow down enough until you sent
that link and I kind of connected the
dots and went I did that I did that
recently. Um like it's yeah it's
bizarre. Um but as I said I am getting a
lot of value from AI. So I do I do have
six tips that are actually helping me
get through getting value from AI or
specifically from agents I would say. Um
so let's see let's let's get some
talking from Vern and let's see if you
think why. So the first one is commit
almost every after every interaction
with the agent. That's my first
>> what you what are you what are you what
do you want from me here? some some
>> so why do you think why do you think
that's important right so I'm saying as
soon as you finish something with an
agent do a commit
>> like why do you why do you think that's
>> this is this is if it deletes your
production database you can um you know
you can you can reason a little bit more
about what's going on that's that's the
whole commit frequently often
>> situation I don't think that changes
because we we're uh we're we're now
using coding assistance and things of
that nature right still that that
principle still persists.
>> So, yes. Yes. Right. But there's another
interesting thing around the UX of
specifically GitHub copilot. Um, so
because you're in agentic mode and you
give it a task at the end of it doing
its task, it basically tells you what
it's done in English, right? You can
read it and you can be like, "Yep, that
sounds great." But then underneath that,
you get a list of all the files that
it's changed. And you have two options.
You can do a code review where it will
open each file and you basically press
keep undo, keep undo, keep undo until
you get to the last file.
>> Or there's a button that's just keep and
you basically just accept them all.
>> Yep. All good.
>> Yeah. Keep. Right. Um and there has been
times where I've just said keep and it's
gone wrong. So now I I basically and
also I'm not very I'm quite bad at
committing. Um so now I specifically
commit like as in I like to commit like
I say I like I don't like I know the
right thing to do but I'm very much I'm
in a habit of just building building and
then committing when I think the
feature's finished. Um, but yeah,
honestly though, committing as soon as
you see as soon as you've had an action
done and it works, commit because the
time I've had it on several occasions
change a whole bunch of files that I
didn't think it would not noticed and
then also you don't know then the right
context
to ask it to fix it because you don't
know it's done it.
>> So I wanted to right so I wanted to ask
you about this. So when you say commit,
there's a thing around commit messages,
right? Where people
can sometimes not bother or they're
trash. Are you when you do do them, are
you putting in messages that that are
meaningful so that in a situation like
this, you go say, "Oh, that's when I did
blah. That's the one that I want."
>> Okay. Okay. So I'm I am not at the
position where I would trust an agent to
commit code to my repo. Um I know some
people have said they like doing that.
I'm not there. So
>> for me um I'm very much a like I will
accept the changes in the IDE and then I
basically write my own commits um and
explain what's been done and why. Um and
I write them myself. Again, I know
people who would get co-pilot to do the
commit or even write the commit message.
Um, I just don't see I doesn't sound
valuable to me.
>> I just use it cuz the the the the the
gen AI tool that I probably use the most
is chat GPT. Use me followed by
perplexity and just in there the amount
of halluc no hallucinations
confabulations I've now learned. Thank
you, Bill and Martin. The amount of
confabulations that happen, it can
probably do that in any, you know, can
you imagine it just starts making up
stuff in your commit history. Holy [__]
Like that just sounds horrible. So yeah,
I I'm I'm with you on that one. I'm
definitely writing them myself for sure.
And I think also it's the other side of
this is what another one that I've
learned is um a lot of the time when if
if you get into um quite a long exchange
with the agent as in it's built it but
it's not right and you're like I don't
like it. Can you do it this way? um
often sometime again I don't know
probably not a high percentage but let's
let's say
>> two out of 20 times right it gets to the
point where it just is not going to do
what I want it to do but it's already
changed a whole bunch of files so at
that point
>> you have two options you either continue
to push to try and get it to fix it but
now you've got a lot of files changed
and you don't know why or where
you do but like you're not entirely sure
what's been changed without going
through it all and it's like why am I
going through it all for something that
I know doesn't work or that I don't like
and then when you tell it to like no no
I don't want it that way can you go back
and fix it
>> often it leaves behind
>> yeah things
>> um so yeah clean start again that's what
I do
>> I've had that same sensation just when
I'm trying to figure so when I'm when
I'm when I'm writing and I'm researching
or you know just the usual normal chat
GPT stuff just chat GPT right it's not
I'm not writing any
I have experienced the same thing where
I feel like you have started to lose
your mind. I know I'm anthrop
anthropomorphizing
chat GPT, but I just feel like you are
insane now. Like you need a break, so
I'm going to I'm going to give you a
break.
Uh so I agree some trying to force it.
It just it just doesn't that doesn't
seem to work. That is a very good tip
that is not on my list that I've started
doing which is um I've started creating
new instances of the chat in cop in in
in VS Code because I've had it on
several occasions continue to use
previous
um messages
>> that aren't right.
>> And even though I keep telling it, it
keeps doing it again. And I've learned
the only way is to start a new chat with
no history and basically start building
it. Well, you know, we know it's context
engineering as it's now, you know, cooly
named. It's it's get a clean context and
start again. So,
>> yeah, it because it's wild. It just says
this this particular conversation is now
trash.
>> Yeah.
>> You you've just decided that up is down,
you know, red is green,
backwards is forwards. It doesn't matter
what I say, you're trying to gaslight me
and send me around the twist. So, we're
going to start again. So, yeah. Nice
one. Nice one. Okay, next one.
>> Uh, again, like you I need to come back
to this at the end, but you'll I hope
that you might spot a pattern with some
of these things, but um make the task as
small as you can. Uh I know it sounds
really naughty and really obvious,
right? And I think this is where I think
I don't know what to call the right
names. I don't know what the right terms
is, but I'm going to say when a skilled
engineer or an experienced engineer uses
an a code aentic code tool like copilot
um you know what the task is, you know
how to break the task down. So do it and
ask the agents to do it in small tasks
because then the bit the message before
about losing its mind and going wrong
the impact to that will be smaller. So
like for example, I want to build a page
that shows a form, right? I know I need
database changes. I need an API layer. I
need to update my types. I need to um
update the UI. I need to add
validations. I need to update my
routting. I know all the steps. So I
have two options. One is I can ask the
agent or I can go into ask mode and say,
"What are the six steps you would do in
order to do this?" and hope that it
comes out with the same six as me. Then
I copy that and well I don't copy it.
You go back into agent mode and say do
these tasks in that order. That works
quite well. But if I just said build me
a page that shows this form, I often
find it misses bits out and it doesn't
do a very good job.
>> Um so I found it easier to basically
because I know what I would do and I'm
basically using the agents to speed me
up.
I basically say do my DB layer 4 first.
Now do my routting. Now build my form.
Now do the API call. Um now add the
validation messages. and I do it in a
staggered order instead of just giving
it one big task which I know almost
defeats being doing it in a gentic way
in some cases as in the whole point of
the agent as it will go off and to it
out between itself but I'm finding that
kind of middle space between ask and
edit and agents. So I know I'm not fully
wanting to go here's a massive task off
you go
>> but I also don't want to be going one
task at a time all the time. I kind of
want that middle small task as in I know
there's 10 blocks.
>> I want you to do two of them at a go,
two of them at a go, two of them at a
go, and then the next the final two. And
I find that's easier for you to explain
to the agents. It's easier to define
what good looks like and what done looks
like.
>> And I'm finding that even though it's a
bit more typing,
>> it's more accurate and it's speeding me
up overall. Whereas when I do them too
big, I'm finding I'm spending too much
time going back and forth and sometimes
ending up in those loops that you
mentioned. And those loops sometimes
like that can be 30 40 minutes gone
because you're not even aware. You're
just like
>> I you are going to do what I say and you
sort yourself out. You're a robot. Like
>> get your [__] together. Remember, do you
remember a few weeks ago where I said to
you on a Sunday night, "Oh, I was trying
to get this done with chat GPT and I've
lost the whole day or something." That
was why cuz I was like, you are going I
am in charge here and you will do the
thing. It's exactly what I did. But how
but isn't that point about make the
tasks as small as you can related to
commit every and most interactions? like
what what is the relationship between
those two things if there is one?
>> Well, so it's more like when the task
has been done and you're happy with it,
then I commit it. So instead of then
going on to task two because task two
could screw up task one.
>> So I'm almost like baselining my own
code base as in to say that's a good
level, that's a good point, that's a
good point. Even though the feature is
not finished,
I'm doing it to protect it screwing up
the next step. Well, let let me let me
rephrase it then. What I mean is, could
you not make the tasks as small as you
can and commit every slashmost
interaction?
>> Yeah. Yeah, you could do, but I think if
you don't make them small, you run the
risk of it basically changing far more
than you expect and then you might
commit stuff that you're not aware of.
>> Committing bigger chunks.
>> Exactly. And also,
>> it takes longer and sometimes it, you
know, again, we're all biased by looking
at certain things, right? if it's making
a big deal about a validation message or
something else, for example. I don't I'm
just making this up, right? You're kind
of drawn to look over there and that
means you don't do as much looking over
here perhaps. Um and it's very easy.
It's not
>> Yeah, it's very easy when you go through
the IDE just to be like keep keep.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so that's another thing. Um and then
sorry like two and three are the same.
But yeah, like as I mentioned the same
thing, what's number three? Tell the
folks what number three is.
>> Number three was what I just said.
Sorry. It was using the AI to help you
break it down into a task. So if you
don't know what smaller steps look like
because you've never you've never built
an XJS before.
>> Tell me what you're going to do.
>> Exactly. So use it in as mode to find
out what it would do and then use that
to be come up with a num. Another thing
that um I got this from Mark
Winteringham a long time ago as well was
the um basically listing it in step
order as well. So basically number one
do this, number two do this, number
three do this and I want you to do them
in order like because then it will do
them in order. Whereas when you write,
you know, if you write a load of
English, which is and I want you to add
validation and I want you to do this,
it's going to mush all that together and
basically end up with you want a form of
validation and blah blah blah and do it
in whatever order it thinks is correct
as opposed to an order that you you
think is better or the right the order
you would code it if you were coding it
yourself because like there's no point
building a form for example and there's
no point building the UI of a form
when you know when you open it, it's
going to error because there's no
routing to go to that page. You can't
even go to the page. So, you built a
nice page, but you can't see it.
>> I'll get to it.
>> So, it's like that's not a useful order
to build things in. You might as well
build the build the routting and then
build a page that just says hello
Richard on it and now you know your
rooting works and then you can build
your form for example. Um,
so yeah, that was that one. I mean,
>> so you can take See, I'm I'm talking
from a perspective of I I have not fired
up these tools, right? So you can, but
what I'm liking it, it's reminding me of
when I watch somebody like like a James
Thomas or somebody like that work in the
command line where they're taking the
output of one file or command and then
piping it into another one
>> and then doing a thing and then it
almost sounds like you're going, "Oh, in
as mode you're saying blah." And then
you're taking that and then putting it
into agent mode and saying right go do
that thing and then do you know what I
mean? It's it it sounds it's pretty cool
actually. It's pretty cool.
>> Well under the hood. So we've not you
know just to take one step away and back
to that the person deleting their DB.
One of the other things that recent
changes was it can now open a browser
and use playright to talk to the
browser. So one thing you can do now in
your prompt is you can include that you
want it to test it. And I don't mean
automatically test it as in write an
automated test. You can tell it and I
want you to check that it works. And
then what it does is it
>> Yeah. People getting very excited.
>> Yeah. It opens the browser. It will
navigate to where it thinks it needs to
go.
>> Yeah.
>> You could literally say to it, oh, you
you know, let's say we've built a new
shop,
>> but there is no shops in the system.
>> You can basically tell it you need a
shop. And then it will look at your
code, look at your schema, and then it
will build a seed file. then probably
ask you can I run and you know can I run
prisma generate seed and then it will go
oh it told me it's ID1 and then it will
go to shop slash one like it's pretty
cool like it can do those things
>> um but again it's it's the the
experience of the engineer to go was
that a good enough test is that you know
does that work
>> this is the thing that is this is the
thing
>> I keep I keep this reference is going to
be so wasted up Yeah, you already know
where I'm going with this. So, like one
of my favorite TV shows is Star Trek is
Star Trek, especially Star Trek the Next
Generation. And they are constantly I'
I've got a picture of Jordi Leforge. He
was like the chief engineer on the on
the Starship Enterprise and the next
generation, you know, and him and data
and god knows who else to be constantly
talking to the computer, asking it
questions, telling it to do this. And it
was very very conversational and it
feels like with every evolution or
additional feature we're becoming closer
and closer to that. But the reason I
bring it up is you know Jordi Leforge,
Lieutenant Jordi Leforge was a was like
a bad boy engineer. Like he knew about
engineering. So he wasn't just it's it's
what you were saying before. It's
you can give these tools to people who
don't understand software engineering
and they can accomplish some things and
I imagine that would be different if you
give it to somebody who isn't software
engineer they could also accomplish some
things but they would accomplish it I
don't know what the right word is better
more effectively differently because
they have a different appreciation of
what the tool was doing under the hood
they may use it in a way that was
different to the way that somebody like
me would use it or somebody like you
know my dad would use my Jesus imagine
my dad using chat GPT bloody
>> hell you're you're right right so be
like that just I'm just going to quickly
fly through the other tips right it was
test early and test often review the
code yourself and review get other
models to review the solutions and the
reason why I brought that up is
um like talking about things like code
quality and standards and patterns and
um good practices if you don't know what
they are
>> you can't
>> review the code. So
>> in what you just said, you yes, you will
get a working website. Absolutely you
will. And if you keep going at it and
like letting it, you know, keep going
until it gets out of its loops because
you don't know. You can't stop it if you
don't know. You're just going to keep
going until you get the page right and
you're going to keep refining what
you're asking it and you're going to get
pissed off and you're going to get
annoyed. You're like, "No, I said there
should be pink border." And you're just
going to keep going, right?
>> And eventually you will get what you
want. Whereas, but a skilled engineer
would be be able to write something more
like, no, you keep changing the border
style to be solid and I wanted it to be
dashed. Um, I want you to use tailwind
class A.
>> You're going to get out of that loop so
much quicker. And then also, you're
going to be able to notice not just when
you get stuck in those loops, you're
going to be able to see the code it
generated and go, that is absolute
trash.
>> That is not the pattern that I want to
use in this codebase. And then you can
say use pattern A
>> or as I mentioned at the start, you can
define that from the very beginning.
>> And there's cool things now that I've
not had chance to play around with yet,
but you can have um you can have uh
templates saved in GitHub copilot
>> that basically are part of every prompt.
So you can write a template now that
says I want all my Prisma to be written
this way. I want all my APIs to be named
this way. and you can write all these
rules essentially.
>> So you don't have to remember to tell it
every time you start interacting with
it. So I've not got round to doing any
of that yet, but that sounds like it
would solve a lot of challenges that
I've come up where I'm having to repeat
things like, you know, no, I don't like
that class or stop me. One thing it
keeps doing which I found annoying is it
keeps um not adding the cursor to my
buttons.
>> So you know when you hover over a
button, it changes the cursor.
>> It keeps not adding that class. And I
think it five times I said to it, you
may keep making buttons that aren't um
got the little cursor on it. It's like
stop doing it. Like but now I could add
that to a template and I would never
have to ask it again. But I've not done
that yet.
>> My my my experience of these tools is I
I find that specta it is enraging I find
when it does that.
>> Yeah. It says, "Hey, you know, so so you
know, you can create a project in in
chat GPT and give it instructions and
concept. Here's how I like to work. My
my nemesis with chat GPT or N dashes and
M dashes, you know, those long hyphens."
>> Yeah, they're always coming up. Then
>> it doesn't matter what I say to this
thing, don't use them. It'll go, "Yeah,
okay. I definitely won't use them." And
then just splash the page in N dashes
and M dashes.
Why are you doing that? I don't need I
don't that's not how I communicate, man.
Or well or maybe it is verbally. When I
write stuff down, it looks weird. I'm
like, whoa, why you got all these bloody
M dashes all over the place? Bloody
emojis everywhere as well. But anyway,
>> but I I find that is it is it is it as
you know irritating in in in uh in these
coding assistants and coding agents when
you give it the context and instructions
in a session does it tend to follow them
or is it is it all geni under the hood?
So it just kind of decides when it wants
to listen and when it doesn't.
>> It's a bit of everything mate. So to to
say you know to go back to context
engineering as it's now been labeled
right you can only
>> engineering sick.
>> Yeah. So you know how we had prompt
engineering try and get it to the right
prompt. I think we've now realized that
not now realize right someone gave it a
fancy term right but I think back to
some of our early episodes we spoke a
lot about context. So now there's this
um context engineering um phrase which
is basically
thinking about how much context you need
to give it in know and then obviously
then have a very good prompt like how
much context does it need to know to be
able to do what you're asking it to do.
So a lot of that context was put into
the prompt as in when people spoke about
prompt engineering but now they've
realized it's its own separate kind of
thing.
um and you have a good prompt on top.
But yeah, it's like for so the reason
why I mentioned that is yes, it does do
an okay job, but one thing I found is
once your code base becomes quite big,
it starts to struggle because it can't
find all the files that you want it to
do. So I had um a LinkedIn exchange with
um
uh JIT on um earlier because he was
asking people Yeah. Yeah. JS. He was
asking if he'd had um anyone had success
with refactoring. And I've had pretty
poor success with refactoring on a large
code base because it doesn't find all
the right files and then it goes and
rewrites a method and then doesn't
update all the places that use that
method, which blows my mind because you
can literally write click the method and
go find all references and the IDE will
tell you everywhere that uses it. And I
just don't get why that basic thing is
not being used by the agents. Um,
>> are you saying the cognitive load of the
tool is smaller than a human?
>> Yeah, literally that is exactly what I'm
saying. So again, back to context and a
back to that prompt templates and a back
to how you know the rules and I think
the people that are going to get the
most out of these tools is the people
that are able to define those rules well
define what good likes have very solid
templates
and very tailored to their context.
Whereas what I think will happen is
we'll end up with people just taking
somebody else's standards and approaches
which we already have now. Like that's
why we have fights around page object
models and action models and screenplay
patterns and everything else. We're
going to end up with the same thing.
We're going to end up biasing our agents
based on a influencer or a experienced
person's opinion on how you use tool A
and tool B. Um,
>> I'm just excited for context driven
engineering to meet context driven
testing and just
>> well yes
>> that is going to
sick indeed
>> and that's a big part of my keynote
actually at um test it in September
>> spoilers. Okay, nice. But and this was
submitted before context engineering was
a thing. But like I basically realized
that I was getting more success
>> because I was very good at explaining
context.
>> So
>> she's just trying to pick himself up
there. He's he's basically saying
I'm so I invented this [__] before
everybody else invented this [__]
>> I wish. Excuse me. Um
>> make yourself up, Rich. Don't be shy.
Um,
>> sorry. I wanted I wanted to do one more
reference back to your Star Trek thing
before we end. Right. So, you mentioned
um I can't remember his name. George.
Um,
>> [__] hell. Jordi Leford. God damn
you.
>> Oh, Jordy. Okay. Um, so Big G on the
Star Trek um Enterprise ship. Um,
Vernon's frozen so I can't see his
reaction. Um, so you mentioned Georgie
Georgie Georgie Georgie. Poor Gym
Pudding and Pie. Um,
>> listen, have some respect, Rachel. God
damn it.
>> So, but what I want to say because I
know you've not had a chance to play
with these tools as much, right? So,
what you just described there and them
having a conversation is very much how
people are using the ask mode or chat
GPT. Whereas when we bring in these
agents, we're almost trying to we're
we're replacing that conversation with a
bunch of trained agents that are going
to have that conversation on their own
and give me a result at the end. So I
don't know Star Trek not enough, right?
But you know, I'm going to make
something up and don't don't know, don't
shoot me down, right? Um put put the
engines at 98 put the engines at 98%
thrust, right?
>> What?
So,
>> good example,
>> but it can't be done, right? Because
there's an issue. So, in this mode on
the show, they're going to come back and
say, "We can't do that because of reason
A." And then Georgie, Georgie, Jordi,
Georgie, um
>> Jordy Jord is going to then say, "Oh,
okay. Well, I know what that means.
Therefore, I want you to go and turn on
setting A, B, and C, and then try
again." Right? Whereas with the agentic
approach, there will already be an agent
trained to deal with that scenario where
you've coded your knowledge and your the
basically the manual into this agent
>> and it the in the first thing the
computer will do instead of saying I
couldn't get to 98%.
It will go and it will go I couldn't get
to 98%. What can I do?
>> Oh, there's um there's a Frost expert
agent over there. I'm going to go and
ask them him or the him them um um what
to do and then it will then come back
and give it some you know information
and it will go back and forth between
all these agents that it knows about
>> instead of coming back to you as a
human. It basically wants to come back
to you to either say I've done it or I
failed.
>> It doesn't want to come back to you to
ask you questions and tell you it it
won't it basically will just keep going
until it either fails. And that's why um
I think in a pre very episodes back we
spoke about goals that that it goal is
to try and complete what you've just
said. So it goal is to get the engines
to 98%.
>> It might be stuck in a loop for 10
minutes and at that point you crashed
into the big red planet
>> and everyone's dead.
>> Yeah. Like
so and that's the thing that I find
people aren't fully connecting some of
the dots yet when you try and go fully
agentic
the the and also the step to get there
is so more um um time consuming and
exhaustive because you have to try and
code as many of these agents and rules
and different personas and everything
else
takes a long time. So,
>> this is going to have to be another
episode because we've been at this for
an hour. But the questions that just
sprang to mind when you said that were
um so where will we get what would the
benefit be? Because we we're still going
to have to cuz what you hear people talk
a lot about with when it comes to tools
is efficiency, time, ease.
>> Yep.
>> Um
there's a really good I need to find Did
I save it?
Oh, any I'll I'll I'll find there's a
there's a really funny um post that I
saw that talked about the promises that
we keep making about all these tools,
the technologies that never deliver.
Anyway, um we're going to have to spend
a lot of time training up multiple
agents to do a thing. We have to do that
with humans anyway. We're going to have
to spend a lot of time giving as much
context to these agents as possible to
help them train and understand the
situation, what's going on. So, I wonder
I wonder where the benefit is, but
that's that's quite a large question and
maybe we should save that for another
>> I've got one very I've got one very
quick answer to that is I don't think
you will. I think we'll get to the point
where you'll just buy them. I think in
unless you're building your own for your
own tooling, I think if you're using it
for your day-to-day life and day-to-day
tasks at work, you will essentially just
buy them that someone else has trained
them.
>> I mean, you buy them. Oh, so, so, so
instead of hiring a human, you would buy
an agent.
>> You're going to buy an agent that's been
trained to book a flight for you. You're
going to buy an agent that's been
trained to book a restaurant. You're
going to buy an agent that knows how to
code Next.js. I think we're going to get
to the point where we have very specific
tailored agents and you're almost going
to buy them like you would books and
stuff like that's my early way I see it
going because to train them incred to do
to train them to be so like you have to
codify so much knowledge to make them
any good. Um
>> what else you need to do?
>> Yeah, that's my early hunch. I think it
will happen. Now, honestly, I think it
will happen. But
>> do you know what? Do you know what else
you just you just reminded me? I might
have mentioned this before in another
episode, but Meredith Meredith Whitaker,
she she a CEO Signal or or she's at the
top of the tree somewhere on at Signal,
and she was talking about um agents. So,
Signal, for the folks who don't know, is
a is a messaging app that is very very
very security and privacy focused. And
when she was talking about agents, it
was a there's a video clip. I'll try and
add it to the show notes. And it's very
sobering. It talks because she talks
about, you know, yeah, these agents, the
you know, shows, first of all, the
promise of the agents is a bit wild in
the first place. But let's just say it
could do all these things. The amount of
access that you'd have to give it
>> in order for it to do the thing
>> crazy
>> is I'm paraphrasing what she said. It's
terrifying.
I don't think she used that word, but
that's what I felt like when I was
listening to her um explain what because
for example to book to book a restaurant
sounds pretty benign. You would need to
give it access to your browser so they
could go and book the thing your browser
history. Your really your browser
history people. And then you're also
going to have to give it access to your
friends list, your contact book.
>> Yeah, potentially. Yeah. You're going to
have to give it access to something like
Signal to go and message everyone and
say, "Oh, we've made the booking for
such and such time." You're going to
have to give it access to all your
payment information. And then two, one
or two things she said which I hadn't
thought about cuz she's, you know,
significantly smarter than I.
She was saying, um, because
there's two really important things that
she said that really blew my mind. said
because there's no way for these
applications to communicate with each
other directly. It's all going to have
to happen
>> off of your devices. All of that
interaction will not happen on your
devices necessarily. And then she also
said there is no protocol necessarily to
like you'd basically have to unencrypt
everything
>> so that the tool could see what was
what. So, it's not on your machine and
it's not encrypted and it's got access
to absolutely everything just to book a
dinner date with your mates at the
restaurant.
>> God damn it.
>> [__]
>> That's true. Yeah.
>> And also just to to wrap that up to end
this episode, it's the exact same thing
with your code, right? You're going to
have to give it your code base, your
GitHub keys, your secrets, like
>> Exactly.
>> You know, like everyone loves hiding
their secrets, right? But how many
people have them in an environment file
on their in their codebase that can now
see that?
>> Um, it's mad.
>> And that brings us right back to where
we were at the start of the show.
>> So, I would say code your database in
production. And if you know and geez
anyway anyway
>> I will I will wrap it up in one sentence
or try to I I am enjoying it. I am
getting value, but I think it's solely
because I know what I'm trying to do and
I know how to do it and I'm almost just
delegating the work to the agent. If it
was something I knew nothing about, I
don't think I'd like it because I don't
I wouldn't I'd have to go back to that
previous episode where I'm going to have
to try learn try learn try learn which
is fine but that's going to slow me
down. Whereas here I know how to do the
code. I just don't want to write it per
se or it can write it quicker than me.
So,
>> and I think another I I think another
factor, tell me if I'm wrong, is
>> the the blast radius is is somewhat
contained. So, it whatever you're doing
is not that serious.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Even if it does go pair, you're like,
doesn't, you know,
>> it's a P. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and even when I've had it writing
tests for me, again, I'm not going to
blindly let it add tests and commit test
to my codebase. You know what I mean?
I'm just going to let it get to a point.
Um, but yeah, I would say like I am
definitely I'm not in favor. I'm not
like I love them, but I am getting value
and I think that's the important bit. I
am getting value in certain contexts and
it is helping me and it is making me
more efficient. And I would say the task
that I'm doing now while I know what to
do, if I done it on my own by reading
the logs or reading the docs and
everything else, I would probably be
30% of where I'm at right now. So, you
know, I've got a fully working P in like
six days.
>> I would not be there if I'd had to go
and read the docs and do it all myself.
>> Um, but I've got I've got as far as I've
got because I am enough. I know enough.
I'm a techsavvy enough. I'm experienced
as an engineer enough to have been able
to ask the right questions, the right
prompt, break down the work into smaller
bits. And one thing I was hinting at you
earlier, I know this is definitely not
one sentence anymore, was the thing that
um
>> the t the theme, the thread.
>> Yeah. Well, someone mentioned it on that
thread, um essentially I'm getting value
because I know how to do good
engineering.
I know what good engineering looks like
and I'm using
>> Yeah. and people who don't know and like
we joked on the thread that you know
there's still so many companies that
aren't doing any of those things that I
suggested for their human code
>> exactly let alone agents
um which is terrifying and crazy and I
think the the journey for those people
into the world of AI is going to be a
lot more painful
>> um
>> because they've not got those good
practices in already and they're they're
almost not ready for AI transformation.
If you go back to digital
transformations, right? Like
>> they're not ready for it and
>> they're trying to amplify
[__] a shitty process. Trying to dig
digitize a shitty process. But but but
but
>> let's wrap it up there. I want
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well done. next episode and
talk about um some ideas about and if
you have some ideas about how I can um
start exploring the use of AI enabled
tools with my team that would be
amazing. But that was a very interesting
episode there. So thank you very much
Ricardo for sharing your opinion.
>> Thank you for listening to me.
>> No offense for disrespecting Star Trek.
God damn you.
>> Okay. If you got any thoughts on the
conversation that we just had, if you've
got any, you know, if you'd like to
engage with the conversation about
tools, deleting stuff in production and
the cool stuff Rich was doing, let us
know. You know, you can always hit us up
on the Vernon Vish show on LinkedIn. You
can hit us up in the comments. How many
subscribers do we have on YouTube? Uh,
I'll tell you. Not enough, god damn it.
So, make sure that you subscribe, like,
and share
on YouTube, Spotify, wherever you listen
to the pod or watch us. Did I miss
anything, Rich?
>> Uh, no, no. I just wanted to sign off by
saying live long and prosper. Um,
Vernon, you're dismissed. Until next
time. See you on the other side. Um, and
that's what chat GPT told me to say and
how you say goodbye in Star Trek.
>> You're an absolute disgrace, Bradshaw.
Good day. Outrageous.